Update Docs - webOS Required Port for segmented Networks (#15452)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/webostv.markdown

        data:
          icon: "/home/homeassistant/images/doorbell.png"
```

## Notes

> - If Home Assistant and your TV are not on the same subnet, you need to open Port 3000 with Protocol TCP from Home Assistant to your TV.

Reviewer: I'm confused about how subnets are related to the port? Don't you mean the firewall or more explicit routing you might have placed between your subnets?

Author: ```suggestion
- If Home Assistant and your TV are not on the same network, you need to create a Firewall Rule, which allows a Connection on Port 3000 with Protocol TCP from Home Assistant to your TV.
```
I tried to keep this as simple as possible, but I agree that the wording was not ideal.
Hopefully my suggestion makes it more clear.

> - If Home Assistant and your TV are not on the same network, you need to create a Firewall Rule, which allows a Connection on Port 3000 with Protocol TCP from Home Assistant to your TV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Home Assistant and your TV are not on the same network, you need to create a firewall rule, which allows a connection on port 3000 with the TCP protocol from Home Assistant to your TV.
```
